Post about the tests we run on the toolkit (#215)
ServiceInnovationLab/serviceinnovationlab.github.io: README.md

title: Blog Post
date: YYYY-MM-DD
authors:
  - jacob-ong
tags:
  - blog post
  - open source
excerpt: ""
---
```

## Accessiblity Tests

We must meet the [New Zealand Government - Web Accessibility Standard 1.1](https://www.digital.govt.nz/standards-and-guidance/nz-government-web-standards/web-accessibility-standard-1-1/) on this toolkit.

> We used automated testing to detect some in-accessible content. These tests are gatekeepers. When the content added doesn't comply, the PR will have a failed test. Receiving automated messages that your work didn't pass can be frustrating at first, but compliance is necessary and becomes easier with practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used automated testing to detect some inaccessible content. These tests are gatekeepers. When the content added doesn't comply, the PR will have a failed test. Receiving automated messages that your work didn't pass can be frustrating at first, but compliance is necessary and becomes easier with practice.
```
